README.md, before:

# GameStick Assets
Assets like "forwarders" (APK launcher for actual GameStick games on OUYA), images and metadata from Playjam GameStick games. Images have been enhanced and sharpened. OUYA icons are PNG 8 Bit colors, screenshots are JPG 16 Bit colors.

These files are intended for use in the [GameStick Fans project](https://codeberg.org/gamestick-fans) and the [ouya-game-data project](https://github.com/ouya-saviors/ouya-game-data)

## Currently in testing

none

## Overview

<details>
<summary> ✅ Games with launcher</summary>
Bionfly_1.2.0_com.theOmenbit.Bionfly.apk<br>
Bloo Kid_1.0_de.eiswuxe.blookid.apk<br>
Dark Incursion_1.0.7_com.bigbluebubble.darkincfull.apk<br>
Expendable Rearmed_1.1.3_com.retrobomb.expendablerearmed.apk<br>
Final Freeway 2R_1.8.12.0_com.oyatsukai.finalfwy2r.apk<br>
Galaga Special Edition_1.0.1_com.namcobandaigames.gamestick.galagase.apk<br>
Particle Arcade Shooter_2.1_com.dianoxgames.particle.apk<br>
Prince of Persia The Shadow and the Flame_2.0.1_com.ubisoft.princeofpersia.shadowandflame.ggp.apk<br>
Reckless Getaway_1.0.0_com.pixelbite.Getaway.apk<br>
Repulze_1.0.0_com.pixelbite.Repulze.apk<br>
Riptide_1.6.2_com.vectorunit.bluegamestick.apk<br>
RiseOfGlory_1.0.0_com.namcobandaigames.gamestick.riseofglory.apk<br>
Ski Safari_1.4.2_com.DefiantDev.SkiSafari.apk<br>
TurboFly HD_2.17_net.osaris.turbofly.apk<br>
Zombie Kill of the Week_1.2.5_com.panicartstudios.zkotw.apk
</details>

<details>
<summary> ⌛ Games with planned launcher (already tested)</summary>
Battlebow - Shoot the Demons HD_2.1_com.michaelbuettner.battlebowgamestick.apk<br>
Cro-Mag Rally_1.2.1_com.citizen12.cromag.apk<br>
Falling Bird_1.3_com.oneleggedseagull.fallingbird.apk<br>
Fox Tales_1.03_com.wonosoft.foxtalestheskeletonking.apk<br>
Icy Tower_1.2.8_com.freelunchdesign.icytowerclassic.apk<br>
Magic Rampage_1.8.5_com.ethanonengine.gamestick.magicrampage.apk<br>
MAGNETOID HD - Robo Runner_1.0.9_com.room247studio.magnetoid.gamestick.apk<br>
Metaloid Reactor Guardian_1.0.3_com.retrorevolution.metaloid.apk<br>
Retroid_1.0.0_com.taurris.retroidgamestick.apk
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🎮 Games already available native on OUYA (no launcher planned)</summary>
100 Rogues_1.0_com.fusionreactions.OHR.apk<br>
4-Color Taxi_1.0_net.ShadowBrain.FourColorTaxi.apk<br>
Alpha Wave_1.8.0_com.hardlinestudios.AlphaWave.apk<br>
AquaVenture_0.001_com.yourcompany.aquaventuregs.apk<br>
Back to Bed_1.1.3_com.bedtime.backtobed.apk<br>
Beasts Battle_1.030_com.elitegamesltd.bbs.apk<br>
Beat Drift_1.0.0_com.LunarPixelGames.beatdrift.apk<br>
Boson X_1.0.1_com.muandheyo.bosonx.apk<br>
Boulder Dash - The FULL Collection_1.4.7_com.firststarsoftware.bdtc.apk<br>
Canabalt HD_2.12_fishnoodle.canabalt.apk<br>
Crypt of Baconthulhu_1.0.25_com.hamsterrepublic.baconthulhu.apk<br>
D-GLES_1.1.06_com.kokak.DoomGLES.apk<br>
Dead Rushing HD_1.3_com.dancingcatdev.deadrushinghd.apk<br>
Diversion_1.46_com.ezone.Diversion.apk<br>
Evac_2.3.15_net.hexage.evac.apk<br>
Experiment_1.4.1_com.headupgames.experiment.apk<br>
Finger Hoola_3.3.2_com.plantpot.fingerhoola.apk<br>
Fishy Rush_1.0.2_com.silengames.fishyrush.apk<br>
Fist of Awesome_1.1_com.ifightbears.fistofawesome.apk<br>
Flappynoug_4.4.6_gamestick.imogiagames.flappynoug.apk<br>
Fly to the Moon_1.115_com.elitegamesltd.tomoon.apk<br>
Gene Effect_1.3.4_com.Lightstorm3D.GeneEffect.apk<br>
Genius Greedy Mouse_1.8_com.spacefractal.greedymouse.apk<br>
Gridlock_1.0_com.ludometrics.gridlock.apk<br>
Gunslugs_2.0.6_com.orangepixel.gunslugs.apk<br>
Haymaker_1.0_com.HaymakerStudios.Haymaker.apk<br>
Hero of Many_1.04_com.tricksterarts.heroofmany.apk<br>
Heroes of Loot_1.4_com.orangepixel.dungeon.apk<br>
It Takes Two_1.0_com.Epiphany.ItTakesTwo.apk<br>
Knightmare Tower_1_com.juicybeast.knightmaretower.apk<br>
Kosmik Revenge_1.2.0_com.realtechvr.kosmikrevenge.apk<br>
Maldita Castilla_1.1.0_com.locomalito.malditacastilla.apk<br>
MiniSquadron_1.18.1_com.ama.minisquadron.gamestick.apk<br>
Motorbike_6.6.0_com.bakno.MotorbikeFireTV.apk<br>
Muffin Knight_1.9.1_com.angrymobgames.muffinknight.apk<br>
Night Riders 3D Arcade Racing_1.015_fr.baka_neko.nightriders_gamestick.apk<br>
No Gravity_1.11.1_com.realtechvr.nogravity.apk<br>
Oddy Smogs Misadventure_2.071_com.medusa.oddysmogfinal.apk<br>
Overdroy_1.0.80_com.faurigames.overdroy.apk<br>
Panic Flight Premium_1.0.0_com.Ama.PanicFlightGameStickF2P.apk<br>
Paragon Infinite_PJ_com.bipolardesign.paragoninfinitepj.apk<br>
Puzzle 2 HD_1.0.0_com.ama.puzzle2.gamestick.premium.apk<br>
Quantic Pinball_1.03_com.shine_research.quantic_pinball.apk<br>
Radiant_3.15.0_net.hexage.radiant.apk<br>
Raiden Legacy_1.0_com.dotemu.raidenlegacy.gamestick.apk<br>
Retro Racing_1.2.1_com.mrqwak.retroracing.apk<br>
Royal Offense_1.652_com.elitegamesltd.royaloffense.apk<br>
Saturday Morning RPG_1.2e_com.mrs.smrpg.apk<br>
Sci-Fighters_1.0_com.headupgames.scifighters.apk<br>
Shadow Blade_1.0.7_com.deadmage.shadowblade.apk<br>
ShadowGun_1.3.5_com.madfingergames.shadowgun.apk<br>
Sheep in Hell_1.1.1_cm.david.sheepinhell.apk<br>
Shuttle Quest 2k_1.32_com.tacsgames.sq2kgs.apk<br>
Soccertron_14.07.28_com.forgottensystems.soccertron.apk<br>
Soul Power_1.0.1_com.ghosttimegames.soulpower3.apk<br>
Stalagflight_1.0_com.stalagflight.apk<br>
Stop The Bots_1.0.0_com.scaryrobot.badbadbots.apk<br>
Super Mega Worm_1.1.2_com.deceasedpixel.megaworm.apk<br>
Tales of Illyria 1_3.57_com.littlekillerz.ringstrail.apk<br>
Tales of Illyria 2 - Beyond the Iron Wall_3.55_ep2.littlekillerz.ringstrail.apk<br>
Tim-Tim The Mighty Gnome_1.0.11_com.spoonweaver.timtim.ohr.apk<br>
Twin Robots_1.83_com.Thinice.TwinRobots.apk<br>
Vector_1.0.0_com.nekki.vector.apk<br>
Vendetta_1.8.269_com.guildsoftware.vendetta.apk
</details>

<details>
<summary> ❓ Games not tested so far</summary>
Animal Battle_1.0.7_com.ovogame.animalbattle.apk<br>
Brave Warriors_3.47_com.GeorgeGames.BraveWarriors.apk<br>
Catcha Catcha_1.0.0_com.Hotsauce.CatchaCatchaAliens.apk<br>
codestorm_1.0.1_co.nz.polygame.codestormgs.apk<br>
Cube Defender_1.0_com.parkpossegames.cubedefender.gamestick.apk<br>
Cyberflow_1.2.1_com.LarissaDavidova.Cyberflow_GS.apk<br>
Epic Eric_1.0_com.twothreetwo.EpicEric.apk<br>
Freeesh_1.5.5_com.realtechvr.freeesh.apk<br>
Hazard Rush_1.0.9_com.surrealstreet.hazardrushaugs.apk<br>
Miseria_1.0_com.RatJarGames.Miseria.apk<br>
Momonga Pinball Adventures_1.2_com.paladinstudios.momonga.apk<br>
Sela The Space Pirate_1.0_com.feili.SelaTheSpacePirate.apk<br>
Soldier Nightmare_4.0_com.georgegames.soldiernightmare.apk<br>
Sound Ride_1.16_com.outofthebit.soundride.apk<br>
Space Ax_1.0_dk.houseonfire.gamestick.spaceaxe.apk<br>
SpaceBall_1.65_com.georgegames.spaceball.apk<br>
SpaceCat_2.0.5_com.thepilltree.spacecat.apk<br>
Stop The Birds_1.4_com.haybyte.stopthebirds.apk<br>
Super Grid Run_1.0.3_com.Refresh_Creations_Ltd.Super_Grid_Run.apk<br>
Tales of Pocoro_1.2.1_eu.curvedcat.talesofpocoro.apk<br>
The Tribloos 2_2.3_com.Tribloos2.apk<br>
Towelfight 2 The Monocle of Destiny_1.1.20_com.bscotch.towelfight2.apk<br>
TURBINE_1.0_com.georgegames.turbine.apk<br>
unwind_1.4.2_com.jijjy.unwindpro.apk<br>
Wasteland Bar Fight_1.08_com.kybernesis.wastelandbarfight.apk<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🪲 Games not compatible</summary>
ExZeus (won't load after logo)<br/>
Haunt the House Terrortown_1.2.1_air.air.com.sfbgames.HauntTheHouseTerrortown.apk (game are only 1/4 of screen, rotates 90deg when closing)<br/>
Indy 500 (won't load after logo)<br/>
PAC-MAN TOURNAMENTS_1.0.1_com.namcobandaigames.gamestick.pacmantournaments.apk (only 1 of 3 gamemodes available)<br/>
ShaqDown_1.3.0_com.playjam.shaqdown.apk (can't enter pausemenu again)<br/>
Smash Cops (no stable menu navigation)<br/>
The Button Affair (buttons mixed up: U=A, A=U and Y=L Shoulder)<br/>
The Chronicles of Pandora (lag when enemies)<br/>
The Other Brothers_1.1_com.tobgame.tob.apk (no stable menu navigation)<br/>
Top Gear Stunt School (every first launch crashes app)
</details>

> [!NOTE]
> Other not listed here are tested but not compatible/ have major flaws/ no supported controller/ lags / etc.

Commit message:

Enhance README with asset details and project links
Expanded the README with detailed descriptions of assets, including forwarders, game artwork, and metadata. Updated project links and added an overview section.

README.md, after:

# GameStick Assets

> Forwarders, cover images and metadata for PlayJam **GameStick** games, prepared for use on **OUYA** and modern GameStick-based systems.

This repository contains curated assets from original PlayJam GameStick releases, including:

- **Forwarder APKs**  
  Small launcher apps that forward to the *original* GameStick game APKs (for use on OUYA and compatible Android devices).

- **Game artwork**  
  Enhanced and sharpened PNG icons and JPG screenshots based on the original GameStick store material.  
  - OUYA icons: **PNG, 8-bit color**  
  - Screenshots: **JPG, 16-bit color**

- **Game metadata**  
  Cleaned-up titles and meta information that can be reused in custom stores, launchers or databases.

These files are primarily maintained for use in the the [GameStick Fans project](https://codeberg.org/gamestick-fans) and the [OUYA game data](https://github.com/ouya-saviors/ouya-game-data) repository.

# Currently in testing

none

# Overview

<details>
<summary> ✅ Games with launcher</summary>
Bionfly_1.2.0_com.theOmenbit.Bionfly.apk<br>
Bloo Kid_1.0_de.eiswuxe.blookid.apk<br>
Dark Incursion_1.0.7_com.bigbluebubble.darkincfull.apk<br>
Expendable Rearmed_1.1.3_com.retrobomb.expendablerearmed.apk<br>
Final Freeway 2R_1.8.12.0_com.oyatsukai.finalfwy2r.apk<br>
Galaga Special Edition_1.0.1_com.namcobandaigames.gamestick.galagase.apk<br>
Particle Arcade Shooter_2.1_com.dianoxgames.particle.apk<br>
Prince of Persia The Shadow and the Flame_2.0.1_com.ubisoft.princeofpersia.shadowandflame.ggp.apk<br>
Reckless Getaway_1.0.0_com.pixelbite.Getaway.apk<br>
Repulze_1.0.0_com.pixelbite.Repulze.apk<br>
Riptide_1.6.2_com.vectorunit.bluegamestick.apk<br>
RiseOfGlory_1.0.0_com.namcobandaigames.gamestick.riseofglory.apk<br>
Ski Safari_1.4.2_com.DefiantDev.SkiSafari.apk<br>
TurboFly HD_2.17_net.osaris.turbofly.apk<br>
Zombie Kill of the Week_1.2.5_com.panicartstudios.zkotw.apk
</details>

<details>
<summary> ⌛ Games with planned launcher (already tested)</summary>
Battlebow - Shoot the Demons HD_2.1_com.michaelbuettner.battlebowgamestick.apk<br>
Cro-Mag Rally_1.2.1_com.citizen12.cromag.apk<br>
Falling Bird_1.3_com.oneleggedseagull.fallingbird.apk<br>
Fox Tales_1.03_com.wonosoft.foxtalestheskeletonking.apk<br>
Icy Tower_1.2.8_com.freelunchdesign.icytowerclassic.apk<br>
Magic Rampage_1.8.5_com.ethanonengine.gamestick.magicrampage.apk<br>
MAGNETOID HD - Robo Runner_1.0.9_com.room247studio.magnetoid.gamestick.apk<br>
Metaloid Reactor Guardian_1.0.3_com.retrorevolution.metaloid.apk<br>
Retroid_1.0.0_com.taurris.retroidgamestick.apk
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🎮 Games already available native on OUYA (no launcher planned)</summary>
100 Rogues_1.0_com.fusionreactions.OHR.apk<br>
4-Color Taxi_1.0_net.ShadowBrain.FourColorTaxi.apk<br>
Alpha Wave_1.8.0_com.hardlinestudios.AlphaWave.apk<br>
AquaVenture_0.001_com.yourcompany.aquaventuregs.apk<br>
Back to Bed_1.1.3_com.bedtime.backtobed.apk<br>
Beasts Battle_1.030_com.elitegamesltd.bbs.apk<br>
Beat Drift_1.0.0_com.LunarPixelGames.beatdrift.apk<br>
Boson X_1.0.1_com.muandheyo.bosonx.apk<br>
Boulder Dash - The FULL Collection_1.4.7_com.firststarsoftware.bdtc.apk<br>
Canabalt HD_2.12_fishnoodle.canabalt.apk<br>
Crypt of Baconthulhu_1.0.25_com.hamsterrepublic.baconthulhu.apk<br>
D-GLES_1.1.06_com.kokak.DoomGLES.apk<br>
Dead Rushing HD_1.3_com.dancingcatdev.deadrushinghd.apk<br>
Diversion_1.46_com.ezone.Diversion.apk<br>
Evac_2.3.15_net.hexage.evac.apk<br>
Experiment_1.4.1_com.headupgames.experiment.apk<br>
Finger Hoola_3.3.2_com.plantpot.fingerhoola.apk<br>
Fishy Rush_1.0.2_com.silengames.fishyrush.apk<br>
Fist of Awesome_1.1_com.ifightbears.fistofawesome.apk<br>
Flappynoug_4.4.6_gamestick.imogiagames.flappynoug.apk<br>
Fly to the Moon_1.115_com.elitegamesltd.tomoon.apk<br>
Gene Effect_1.3.4_com.Lightstorm3D.GeneEffect.apk<br>
Genius Greedy Mouse_1.8_com.spacefractal.greedymouse.apk<br>
Gridlock_1.0_com.ludometrics.gridlock.apk<br>
Gunslugs_2.0.6_com.orangepixel.gunslugs.apk<br>
Haymaker_1.0_com.HaymakerStudios.Haymaker.apk<br>
Hero of Many_1.04_com.tricksterarts.heroofmany.apk<br>
Heroes of Loot_1.4_com.orangepixel.dungeon.apk<br>
It Takes Two_1.0_com.Epiphany.ItTakesTwo.apk<br>
Knightmare Tower_1_com.juicybeast.knightmaretower.apk<br>
Kosmik Revenge_1.2.0_com.realtechvr.kosmikrevenge.apk<br>
Maldita Castilla_1.1.0_com.locomalito.malditacastilla.apk<br>
MiniSquadron_1.18.1_com.ama.minisquadron.gamestick.apk<br>
Motorbike_6.6.0_com.bakno.MotorbikeFireTV.apk<br>
Muffin Knight_1.9.1_com.angrymobgames.muffinknight.apk<br>
Night Riders 3D Arcade Racing_1.015_fr.baka_neko.nightriders_gamestick.apk<br>
No Gravity_1.11.1_com.realtechvr.nogravity.apk<br>
Oddy Smogs Misadventure_2.071_com.medusa.oddysmogfinal.apk<br>
Overdroy_1.0.80_com.faurigames.overdroy.apk<br>
Panic Flight Premium_1.0.0_com.Ama.PanicFlightGameStickF2P.apk<br>
Paragon Infinite_PJ_com.bipolardesign.paragoninfinitepj.apk<br>
Puzzle 2 HD_1.0.0_com.ama.puzzle2.gamestick.premium.apk<br>
Quantic Pinball_1.03_com.shine_research.quantic_pinball.apk<br>
Radiant_3.15.0_net.hexage.radiant.apk<br>
Raiden Legacy_1.0_com.dotemu.raidenlegacy.gamestick.apk<br>
Retro Racing_1.2.1_com.mrqwak.retroracing.apk<br>
Royal Offense_1.652_com.elitegamesltd.royaloffense.apk<br>
Saturday Morning RPG_1.2e_com.mrs.smrpg.apk<br>
Sci-Fighters_1.0_com.headupgames.scifighters.apk<br>
Shadow Blade_1.0.7_com.deadmage.shadowblade.apk<br>
ShadowGun_1.3.5_com.madfingergames.shadowgun.apk<br>
Sheep in Hell_1.1.1_cm.david.sheepinhell.apk<br>
Shuttle Quest 2k_1.32_com.tacsgames.sq2kgs.apk<br>
Soccertron_14.07.28_com.forgottensystems.soccertron.apk<br>
Soul Power_1.0.1_com.ghosttimegames.soulpower3.apk<br>
Stalagflight_1.0_com.stalagflight.apk<br>
Stop The Bots_1.0.0_com.scaryrobot.badbadbots.apk<br>
Super Mega Worm_1.1.2_com.deceasedpixel.megaworm.apk<br>
Tales of Illyria 1_3.57_com.littlekillerz.ringstrail.apk<br>
Tales of Illyria 2 - Beyond the Iron Wall_3.55_ep2.littlekillerz.ringstrail.apk<br>
Tim-Tim The Mighty Gnome_1.0.11_com.spoonweaver.timtim.ohr.apk<br>
Twin Robots_1.83_com.Thinice.TwinRobots.apk<br>
Vector_1.0.0_com.nekki.vector.apk<br>
Vendetta_1.8.269_com.guildsoftware.vendetta.apk
</details>

<details>
<summary> ❓ Games not tested so far</summary>
Animal Battle_1.0.7_com.ovogame.animalbattle.apk<br>
Brave Warriors_3.47_com.GeorgeGames.BraveWarriors.apk<br>
Catcha Catcha_1.0.0_com.Hotsauce.CatchaCatchaAliens.apk<br>
codestorm_1.0.1_co.nz.polygame.codestormgs.apk<br>
Cube Defender_1.0_com.parkpossegames.cubedefender.gamestick.apk<br>
Cyberflow_1.2.1_com.LarissaDavidova.Cyberflow_GS.apk<br>
Epic Eric_1.0_com.twothreetwo.EpicEric.apk<br>
Freeesh_1.5.5_com.realtechvr.freeesh.apk<br>
Hazard Rush_1.0.9_com.surrealstreet.hazardrushaugs.apk<br>
Miseria_1.0_com.RatJarGames.Miseria.apk<br>
Momonga Pinball Adventures_1.2_com.paladinstudios.momonga.apk<br>
Sela The Space Pirate_1.0_com.feili.SelaTheSpacePirate.apk<br>
Soldier Nightmare_4.0_com.georgegames.soldiernightmare.apk<br>
Sound Ride_1.16_com.outofthebit.soundride.apk<br>
Space Ax_1.0_dk.houseonfire.gamestick.spaceaxe.apk<br>
SpaceBall_1.65_com.georgegames.spaceball.apk<br>
SpaceCat_2.0.5_com.thepilltree.spacecat.apk<br>
Stop The Birds_1.4_com.haybyte.stopthebirds.apk<br>
Super Grid Run_1.0.3_com.Refresh_Creations_Ltd.Super_Grid_Run.apk<br>
Tales of Pocoro_1.2.1_eu.curvedcat.talesofpocoro.apk<br>
The Tribloos 2_2.3_com.Tribloos2.apk<br>
Towelfight 2 The Monocle of Destiny_1.1.20_com.bscotch.towelfight2.apk<br>
TURBINE_1.0_com.georgegames.turbine.apk<br>
unwind_1.4.2_com.jijjy.unwindpro.apk<br>
Wasteland Bar Fight_1.08_com.kybernesis.wastelandbarfight.apk<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🪲 Games not compatible</summary>
ExZeus (won't load after logo)<br/>
Haunt the House Terrortown_1.2.1_air.air.com.sfbgames.HauntTheHouseTerrortown.apk (game are only 1/4 of screen, rotates 90deg when closing)<br/>
Indy 500 (won't load after logo)<br/>
PAC-MAN TOURNAMENTS_1.0.1_com.namcobandaigames.gamestick.pacmantournaments.apk (only 1 of 3 gamemodes available)<br/>
ShaqDown_1.3.0_com.playjam.shaqdown.apk (can't enter pausemenu again)<br/>
Smash Cops (no stable menu navigation)<br/>
The Button Affair (buttons mixed up: U=A, A=U and Y=L Shoulder)<br/>
The Chronicles of Pandora (lag when enemies)<br/>
The Other Brothers_1.1_com.tobgame.tob.apk (no stable menu navigation)<br/>
Top Gear Stunt School (every first launch crashes app)
</details>

> [!NOTE]
> Other not listed here are tested but not compatible/ have major flaws/ no supported controller/ lags / etc.
